Datasources api (#162)
metricly/metricly-docs: content/api/api-datasources.md

        "albEnabled": "false",
        "ecsFilterTagValue": "",
        "ecsFilterTagName": "",
        "emrEnabled": "false",
        "avmFilterTagValue": "",
        "s3FilterTagValue": "",
        "elbFilterTagValue": "",
        "avmEnabled": "true",
        "urls": "[{\"type\":\"URL\",\"url\":\"\",\"elementName\":\"\",\"generateElementName\":false,\"enableErrorTracking\":true}]",
        "s3Enabled": "false",
        "collectionPeriod": "5",
        "dynFilterTagType": "include",
        "ec2Enabled": "true"
      },
      "enabled": false,
      "deleted": false,
      "apiId": null,
      "collectors": [
        {
          "id": 5868,
          "name": "Virtual Machine Example",
          "packageEnabled": false,
          "lastSeen": null,
          "properties": {},
          "datasource": 33884,
          "package": null,
          "elements": []
        },
        {
          "id": 2927,
          "name": "Virtual Machine",
          "packageEnabled": false,
          "lastSeen": null,
          "properties": {},
          "datasource": 33884,
          "package": null,
          "elements": []
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}

```

{{% /expand %}}

---

> ## POST from /datasources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## POST to /datasources
```

{{< button href="https://app.metricly.com/swagger-ui.html#!/datasources/createUsingPOST" theme="success" >}} POST {{< /button >}} Use this endpoint to create a new datasource.

{{% expand "View Method Details." %}}

{{% notice tip %}}

> This method can be used to create one or many integrations and should only be used by an experienced power user. Properties associated to datasources are mapped as strings and cannot be validated, meaning typos are not caught and returned as errors. Virtana recommends creating your datasources through the UI; updating an existing datasource via PUT is less complex than POSTing a new datasource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method can be used to create one or many integrations and should only be used by an experienced power user as Virtana generally recommends creating new datasources in the UI. Properties associated to datasources are mapped as strings and cannot be validated, meaning typos are not caught and returned as errors.
```

{{% /notice %}}

### Parameters

| Parameter | Parameter Type | Data Type | Description |
|--------------------|----------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------|

> |User-Agent   | header  | string  | User agent.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|User-Agent   | header  | string  | User-Agent  |
```

> | term | path | string | The element field you want to aggregate. |

Reviewer: There's no term. Only User-Agent and wrapper.

> | elasticsearchQuery | body | JSON | A JSON query. |

Reviewer: Don't need elasticsearchQuery either.

    "type": "AWS",
    "properties": {
      "awsAuthentication": "role",
      "awsAccountNumber": "600000000083",
      "iamRole": "arn:aws:iam::600000000083:role/Netuitive",
      "ec2Enabled": true,
      "bucketName": "support-aws-cost"
    }
  }
}
```

### Response Body

The following response body returns a basic AWS datasource with minimal properties. You can add more via the UI or the PUT method.

```
{
  "dataSource": {
    "id": 25796,
    "name": "CloudWisdom AWS",
    "type": "AWS",
    "properties": {
      "awsAuthentication": "role",
      "awsAccountNumber": "600000000083",
      "iamRole": "arn:aws:iam::600000000083:role/Netuitive",
      "ec2Enabled": "true",
      "bucketName": "support-aws-cost",
      "regions": "us-east-1,us-east-2,us-west-1,us-west-2,ca-central-1,ap-south-1,ap-northeast-2,ap-southeast-1,ap-southeast-2,ap-northeast-1,eu-central-1,eu-west-1,eu-west-2,sa-east-1",
      "collectionGranularity": "5",
      "collectionOffset": "5",
      "collectionPeriod": "5",
      "threadPoolSize": "10"
    },
    "enabled": true,
    "deleted": false,
    "apiId": null,
    "collectors": []
  }
}

```

{{% /expand %}}

---

> ## DELETE from /datasources/{Id}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## DELETE to /datasources/{Id}
```

{{< button href="https://app.metricly.com/swagger-ui.html#!/datasources/deleteUsingDELETE_1" theme="danger" >}} DELETE {{< /button >}} Use this endpoint to  delete a datasource.

{{% expand "View Method Details." %}}

### Parameters

| Parameter | Parameter Type | Data Type | Description |
|--------------------|----------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------|

> | User-Agent | header | string |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| User-Agent | header | string | User-Agent |
```

> | id | path | JSON | Long. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| id | path | long | id |
```

### Request URL

`https://app.metricly.com/datasources/{datasourceId}`

### CURL

In the following CURL example, a datasource with the **id** `12345` is deleted.

```
curl -X DELETE --header 'Accept: application/json' --header 'User-Agent: none' 'https://app.metricly.com/datasources/12345'

```

### Response Body

The following response body has no content. The success code is 204.  

```
No Content

```

{{% /expand %}}

---

## GET from /datasources/{Id}

{{< button href="https://app.metricly.com/swagger-ui.html#!/datasources/getSingleUsingGET_1" theme="info" >}} GET {{< /button >}} Use this endpoint to get information about one datasource.

{{% expand "View Method Details." %}}

### Parameters

| Parameter | Parameter Type | Data Type | Description |
|--------------------|----------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------|

> | id | path | JSON | Long. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| id | path | long | id |
```

      "elbFilterTagType": "include",
      "dynFilterTagName": "",
      "costExplorerEnabled": "true",
      "knsCollectionFrequency": "5",
      "sqsFilterTagType": "include",
      "avmFilteringEnabled": "false",
      "ctmCollectionFrequency": "5",
      "mqEnabled": "false",
      "azureSubscriptionId": "f9e8197a-1111-9999-3333-f571f5251411",
      "ctmFilterTagName": "",
      "s3FilteringEnabled": "false",
      "agwFilteringEnabled": "false",
      "tagFilterTagType": "include",
      "dynFilterTagType": "include",
      "r53FilterTagValue": "",
      "ec2Enabled": "true"
    },
    "enabled": false,
    "deleted": false,
    "apiId": null,
    "collectors": [
      {
        "id": 4321,
        "name": "Virtual Machine",
        "packageEnabled": false,
        "lastSeen": null,
        "properties": {},
        "datasource": 45243,
        "package": null,
        "elements": []
      },
      {
        "id": 7654,
        "name": "Virtual Machine (Classic)",
        "packageEnabled": false,
        "lastSeen": null,
        "properties": {},
        "datasource": 12345,
        "package": null,
        "elements": []
      }
    ]

```

{{% /expand %}}

---

> ## PUT from /datasources/{Id}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PUT to /datasources/{Id}
```

> {{< button href="https://app.metricly.com/swagger-ui.html#!/datasources/replaceDataSourceUsingPUT" theme="warning" >}} PUT {{< /button >}} Use this endpoint to  

Reviewer: Forgot to put what the endpoint is used for.

{{% expand "View Method Details." %}}

### Parameters

| Parameter | Parameter Type | Data Type | Description |
|--------------------|----------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------|

> | term | path | string | The element field you want to aggregate. |

Reviewer: No term. Only User-Agent, id, wrapper.

> | elasticsearchQuery | body | JSON | A JSON query. |

Reviewer: No elasticsearchQuery either.

### Request URL

`https://app.metricly.com/datasources/{id}`

### CURL

> In the following CURL example, the datasource with the **id** `12345` is disabled by hanging **enabled** to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following CURL example, the datasource with **id** `12345` is disabled by changing **enabled** to `false`.
```

      "tagFilterTagType": "include",
      "dynFilterTagType": "include",
      "r53FilterTagValue": "",
      "ec2Enabled": "true"
    },
    "enabled": false,
    "deleted": false,
    "apiId": null,
    "collectors": [
      {
        "id": 4321,
        "name": "Virtual Machine",
        "packageEnabled": false,
        "lastSeen": null,
        "properties": {},
        "datasource": 45243,
        "package": null,
        "elements": []
      },
      {
        "id": 7654,
        "name": "Virtual Machine (Classic)",
        "packageEnabled": false,
        "lastSeen": null,
        "properties": {},
        "datasource": 12345,
        "package": null,
        "elements": []
      }
    ]

```

{{% /expand %}}

---

## PUT to /datasources/{Id}

{{< button href="https://app.metricly.com/swagger-ui.html#!/datasources/replaceDataSourceUsingPUT" theme="warning" >}} PUT {{< /button >}} Use this endpoint to  make updates to datasources.

{{% expand "View Method Details." %}}

### Parameters

| Parameter | Parameter Type | Data Type | Description |
|--------------------|----------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------|

> |User-Agent   | header  | string  | User agent.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|User-Agent   | header  | string  | User-Agent  |
```
